adds new SINTERCARD and ZINTERCARD (#1610)
redis/redis-doc: commands/zintercard.md

This command is similar to `ZINTER`, but instead of returning the result set, it returns just the cardinality of the result.

Keys that do not exist are considered to be empty sets.
With one of the keys being an empty set, the resulting set is also empty (since set intersection with an empty set always results in an empty set).

@return

> @integer-reply: the number of elements in the result intersection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@integer-reply: the number of elements in the resulting sorted set.
```

Author: since it doesn't store a key, i'm not sure it's right to say that the result is "sorted set"
note that this command, same as ZINTERSTORE can also work on `set` types as inputs (probably not documented anywhere)
